ROX-16283: Reorganize Cloud install docs (#59525)
openshift/openshift-docs: cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/cloud-create-instance-ocp.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="cloud-create-instance-ocp"]
= Creating a RHACS Cloud instance on {cloud-family}
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: cloud-create-instance-ocp

[role="_abstract"]

> Access {product-title-managed} ({product-title-managed-short}) by selecting an instance in the {cloud-console}. An *ACS instance* contains the {product-title-managed-short} management interface and services that Red Hat configures and manages for you. The management interface connects to your secured clusters, which contain the services that scan and collect information about vulnerabilities. One instance can connect to and monitor multiple clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access {rh-rhacscs-first} by selecting an instance in the {cloud-console}. An *ACS instance* contains the {product-title-managed-short} management interface and services that Red Hat configures and manages for you. The management interface connects to your secured clusters, which contain the services that scan and collect information about vulnerabilities. One instance can connect to and monitor multiple clusters.
```

include::modules/cloud-create-instance-steps.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="next-steps_cloud-create-instance-ocp"]
== Next steps

> * On each {osp} cluster you want to secure, xref:../installing_cloud_ocp/cloud-ocp-create-project.adoc#cloud-ocp-create-project[create a project named `stackrox`]. This project will contain the resources for {product-title-managed-short} secured clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On each {osp} cluster you want to secure, xref:../installing_cloud_ocp/cloud-ocp-create-project.adoc#cloud-ocp-create-project[create a project named `stackrox`]. This project contains the resources for {product-title-managed-short} secured clusters.
```

Author: see previous comment about this issue
